[Keyboard]add mod007_v3 keyboard. (#21198)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/akko/mod007_v3/readme.md

# mod007_v3

A customizable 75% encoder keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [jonylee@hfd](https://github.com/jonylee1986)
* Hardware Supported: mod007_v3
* Hardware Availability: [akko](https://www.akkogear.com/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make akko/mod007_v3:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make akko/mod007_v3:default:flash
    

> **Reset Key**: Hold down the key located at *K01*, which programmed as *Esc* while plugging in the keyboard.
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 2 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at *K01*, which programmed as *Esc* and plug in the keyboard
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
